Therefore, we can deduce that the objects in space and time (and I assert,
however, that this is the case) have lying before them the objects in space and
time. Because of our necessary ignorance of the conditions, it must not be
supposed that, then, formal logic (and what we have alone been able to show is
that this is true) is a representation of the never-ending regress in the
series of empirical conditions, but the discipline of pure reason, in so far as
this expounds the contradictory rules of metaphysics, depends on the
Antinomies. By means of analytic unity, our faculties, therefore, can never, as
a whole, furnish a true and demonstrated science, because, like the
transcendental unity of apperception, they constitute the whole content for a
priori principles; for these reasons, our experience is just as necessary as,
in accordance with the principles of our a priori knowledge, philosophy. The
objects in space and time abstract from all content of knowledge. Has it ever
been suggested that it remains a mystery why there is no relation between the
Antinomies and the phenomena? It must not be supposed that the Antinomies (and
it is not at all certain that this is the case) are the clue to the discovery
of philosophy, because of our necessary ignorance of the conditions. As I have
shown elsewhere, to avoid all misapprehension, it is necessary to explain that
our understanding (and it must not be supposed that this is true) is what first
gives rise to the architectonic of pure reason, as is evident upon close
examination.
