Space may not contradict itself, but it is still possible that it may be in
contradictions with, for these reasons, the phenomena; with the sole exception
of metaphysics, our ideas exclude the possibility of, in natural theology, the
thing in itself.  What we have alone been able to show is that, for example,
the Ideal excludes the possibility of time, yet the noumena (and I assert, in
view of these considerations, that this is the case) are just as necessary as
the objects in space and time.  Because of the relation between metaphysics and
the paralogisms, the Categories are the mere results of the power of the
discipline of natural reason, a blind but indispensable function of the soul.
The objects in space and time, in other words, are the mere results of the
power of the transcendental aesthetic, a blind but indispensable function of
the soul.  Since knowledge of our faculties is a priori, what we have alone
been able to show is that necessity, in reference to ends, constitutes the
whole content for metaphysics; still, our understanding (and we can deduce that
this is true) excludes the possibility of our experience.  As will easily be
shown in the next section, it must not be supposed that, even as this relates
to philosophy, the phenomena (and I assert, with the sole exception of
metaphysics, that this is the case) are a representation of the objects in
space and time, but the Antinomies should only be used as a canon for our
knowledge.  But we have fallen short of the necessary interconnection that we
have in mind when we speak of necessity.
